{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf820
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 AppleColorEmoji;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande-Bold;\f4\fnil\fcharset0 Monaco;\f5\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red228\green55\blue26;
\red217\green217\blue217;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c92549\c30588\c12549;
\cssrgb\c87843\c87843\c87843;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{square\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u9642 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{square\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u9642 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{square\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u9642 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid501\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid6}
{\list\listtemplateid7\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid601\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid7}
{\list\listtemplateid8\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid701\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid8}
{\list\listtemplateid9\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid801\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid9}
{\list\listtemplateid10\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{square\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid901\'01\uc0\u9642 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid10}
{\list\listtemplateid11\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1001\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid11}
{\list\listtemplateid12\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid12}
{\list\listtemplateid13\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid13}
{\list\listtemplateid14\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1301\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid14}
{\list\listtemplateid15\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1401\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid15}
{\list\listtemplateid16\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1501\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid16}
{\list\listtemplateid17\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1601\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid17}
{\list\listtemplateid18\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{square\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1701\'01\uc0\u9642 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{square\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1702\'01\uc0\u9642 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid18}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}{\listoverride\listid7\listoverridecount0\ls7}{\listoverride\listid8\listoverridecount0\ls8}{\listoverride\listid9\listoverridecount0\ls9}{\listoverride\listid10\listoverridecount0\ls10}{\listoverride\listid11\listoverridecount0\ls11}{\listoverride\listid12\listoverridecount0\ls12}{\listoverride\listid13\listoverridecount0\ls13}{\listoverride\listid14\listoverridecount0\ls14}{\listoverride\listid15\listoverridecount0\ls15}{\listoverride\listid16\listoverridecount0\ls16}{\listoverride\listid17\listoverridecount0\ls17}{\listoverride\listid18\listoverridecount0\ls18}}
{\info
{\keywords cursorLocation=16166, fitsPagesWidth=1}}\margl1008\margr1008\margt1008\vieww18860\viewh16420\viewkind1\viewscale147
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl660\sa100\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Amazon Interview Experience | Set 340 (3.5 years experienced for SDE 1)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa200\qj\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 \cb3 Recently I have gone through interview with Amazon Chennai for Amazon FIRE TV team. Here is my positive experience.
\fs20 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa200\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Round 1(written):
\b0 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 1. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/run-length-encoding/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/run-length-encoding/}}\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 2. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/find-k-th-smallest-element-in-bst-order-statistics-in-bst/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/find-k-th-smallest-element-in-bst-order-statistics-in-bst/}}\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 3. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/count-substrings-with-same-first-and-last-characters/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/count-substrings-with-same-first-and-last-characters/}}\

\b Round 2:
\b0 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 1. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/level-order-traversal-in-spiral-form/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/level-order-traversal-in-spiral-form/}}\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 2. It\'92s a two player game. Both the players are equally intelligent to win the game. Give n no. of stones. A player can choose either 1 stone or k stones or l stone (1<k<l). Suppose player 'A' starts game then challenge was to identify the player who will win the game. Player who picks the last 1 stone or last k stone or last l stones win the game.\

\b Round 3:
\b0 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 1. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/counting-inversions/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/counting-inversions/}}\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 2. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/print-matrix-diagonal-pattern/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/print-matrix-diagonal-pattern/}}\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 3. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://algorithms.tutorialhorizon.com/dynamic-programming-minimum-cost-path-problem/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 http://algorithms.tutorialhorizon.com/dynamic-programming-minimum-cost-path-problem/}}\

\b Round 4 (Bar Raiser)
\b0 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 1. Detailed discussion on current company project.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 2. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/find-maximum-path-sum-in-a-binary-tree/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/find-maximum-path-sum-in-a-binary-tree/}}\

\b Round 5 (Hiring Manager)
\b0 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 1. Design ATM machine.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 2. Design a queue using only one stack.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 3. Discussion on process & threads, Inter process communication, Lots of discussion on scheduling algorithm, their implementations, data structures used to implement scheduling algorithms, scheduling algorithms in real time distributed systems & implementation.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 4. Lots of behavioral questions like why amazon, why you are leaving current company.\
Finally got positive response from amazon with decent package.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl660\sa100\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf2 \cb1 Amazon Interview experience | Set 326 (For Application Engineer)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa200\qj\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 \cb3 Requirement was that the candidates should have strong troubleshooting skills, strong knowledge of scripting in any language + Strong coding skills and problem solving skills.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa200\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Round 1: Written test (Elimination Round)
\b0 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 There were total 6 questions. 2 coding and 4 scripting questions.\
1. Write a function to print the run length encoding of a given string.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Example :\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 I/P String \'96 wwwwwxxxxddaaaww\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 O/P String \'96 w5x4d2a3w2\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 [5 marks]\
2. Write a function to print the spiral of a matrix. [5 marks]\
3. The file is given as follows containing records of length 10 having mix of numbers, alphabets and alphanumeric characters.\
1234567890\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 0987654321\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 ABCDEFGH\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 123456789X\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 1234567890\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 123456789X\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Write a script command to print the distinct records containing only alphanumeric characters.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Expected Output : 123456789X\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 [2 Marks]\
4. Write a script command to rename all .JPG files to .JPEG files in the current directory. [2 Marks]\
5. Write a command to kill a process using process name. [2 Marks]\
6. Script command to calculate the total size of all the PDF files in the directory. [2 Marks]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa200\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Round 2 : Technical/Problem Solving F2F Interview
\b0 \
The customary \'96 \'93Tell me about yourself\'94. 
\f2 \uc0\u55357 \u56898 
\f1 \
Then the interviewer asked me whether my code for the run length encoding asked in the written round will run for all the inputs. I was pretty sure that it would run. He gave me a case where my code was failing. He told me to modify my code. Also, I had used Hashing technique for this problem so he asked few questions on HashMap how it works.\
1. How will you find whether any permutation of a word would be a Palindrome.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 I explained him the logic using Brute force approach with O(mx2^m) time complexity, where m is the size of the word. He told me to optimize it. I told him the following approach:\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 We will keep track of the counts of each character in the word. If the length of the word is even and if all characters appears even number of times, a palindrome can be formed.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Similarly, if the length of the string is odd and all characters but one appear even number of times then Palindrome can be formed.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Else, in all other cases Palindrome won\'92t exist in the word. He seemed to be satisfied with my approach and told me to write the full code.\
2. Find all the pairs with a given sum.\
3. He gave me a problem to solve. Given two identical ropes of equal length, ,if it takes 60 minutes to burn out the whole rope, how will you measure 45 minutes using these two ropes. You are provided with only these two ropes and a lighter to ignite.\

\b \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Round 2: Debugging and Troubleshooting/Scripting
\b0 \
Tell me about yourself.\
1. Given the contents of the file as follow:\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Company1 400\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Company2 500\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Company3 600\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Company2 150\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Company1 350\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Write a script command to find the total cost incurred by Company1.\
2. Script command to print the sentence in reverse order.\
I/P \'96 \'93You are in Amazon\'94\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 O/P \'96 \'93Amazon in are You\'94\
3. Troubleshooting scenario \'96 If a customer complains that he is not able to sign in to hi Amazon account, how will you troubleshoot?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 She told me to write as many points in the paper as possible. Whatever point I was mentioning, she was like \'96 \'93Anything else? Anything else? :P\'94\
She modified the question and asked me if 3-4 customers complains the same that they are not able to login to their Amazon account, how will you troubleshoot the issue.\
Debugging \'96 How will you debug the issue whatever you have troubleshooted.\
4. If there is sudden increase in the requests count in the system and you need to answer to the higher authorities, how will you handle the situation?\

\b \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Round 4: Troubleshooting/Debugging/Problem Solving/ Managerial
\b0 \
1. Tell me about yourself.\
2. Given a file containing some sample text, write a script command to count the number of occurrences of the word \'93Amazon\'94.\
3. Given a file containing some sample text, write a script command to change all occurrences of the word \'93Amazon\'94 with \'93It\'94 in the file.\
4. Given an array of positive and negative numbers, find the maximum product of the pair of numbers in the array.\
5. He asked me what project am currently working on. I told I was mainly a backend developer in DB2 as core database. He gave me a query to fetch the 2nd highest value from the column.\
6. Tell me a situation where you were working with your team and the team was stuck with some issue for which you were digging out the main problem where the issue is arising and finally you figured out the same.\
7. Troubleshooting \'96 A customer is having 2 devices \'96 tablet and android. He is using Kindle app in the tablet and he has made notes and read till 500th page of a book in the kindle app. Next day he wishes to read the same book from 501st page, but he observes that all his notes are lost from 401st-500th page. How will you troubleshoot this issue.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl660\sa100\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Amazon Interview Experience | Set 323 (Software Development Engineer \'96 Off-Campus)\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa200\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 I applied off campus for the role of Software Development Engineer at Amazon, Hyderabad.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa200\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb3 Round 1 (Telephonic) : 1 hour
\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa200\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Interview began with my intro and briefing of my work at current company.Then he asked me two coding questions :\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl440\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\b \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f3 \uc0\u9642 
\f1 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Ques 1 :
\b0  You are given an array of size n. Now print the number of distinct elements in the array for every frame of size k.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f3 \uc0\u9642 
\f1 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Ques 2 :
\b0  A binary tree and a number, say k are given. Print every path in the tree with sum of the nodes in the path as k.(A path can start from any node and end at any node, i.e. they need not be root node and leaf node; and negative numbers can also be there in the tree)\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa200\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 After two weeks, I got a mail to come for the face to face rounds of interviews.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa200\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb3 Round 2 (F2F) : 1 hour
\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa200\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Interviewer was very friendly. I was tensed before entering into the room but after talking to him for a minute, I started feeling comfortable. He started with his introduction and then asked me about myself and the work I am doing in my current company.\cb1 \
\cb3 Then, he moved on to the coding questions.\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl440\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\b \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f3 \uc0\u9642 
\f1 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Ques 1 :
\b0  A binary tree is given.You need to print every path in the tree starting from root with sum of the nodes of an path equal to a given number, k.(Numbers can be negative too)\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Sol : {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/given-a-binary-tree-print-all-root-to-leaf-paths/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/given-a-binary-tree-print-all-root-to-leaf-paths/}}\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f3 \uc0\u9642 
\f1 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Ques 2 :
\b0  A linked list is given in which every node has two pointers, one to its next node and the other one, random pointer, pointing to some other node in the linked list.You have to clone the given linked list.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Sol : {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/a-linked-list-with-next-and-arbit-pointer/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/a-linked-list-with-next-and-arbit-pointer/}}\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa200\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Some questions that arose as a result of discussion on OS were :\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Q1 . What is critical section problem and how is it solved?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Q2 . What is Semaphore?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Q3 . What is race condition?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Q4 . What is write lock and what are the conditions of it?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Q5 . What are threads and processes?\cb1 \
\cb3 Then he asked me if I had any questions and then I was asked to wait for the result of this round.\cb1 \
\cb3 I was called after sometime for the next round.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa200\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb3 Round 3 (F2F) : 1.25 hour
\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa200\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 In this round, two people were there, both were looking like some senior persons at Amazon. They discussed only about my project in the current company in detail.They didn\'92t ask anything else in this round.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa200\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb3 Round 4 (F2F) : 1 hour
\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa200\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Interviewer started with his introduction and asked me for mine.Then he asked me to brief my company project.\cb1 \
\cb3 Then he asked two coding questions :\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl440\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\b \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f3 \uc0\u9642 
\f1 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Ques 1 :
\b0  A browser is being designed and you have to implement the history feature in that, which will have two functions, one is to fetch recent 100 urls ( getHistory() ), and other one to update that recent 100 urls list whenever a url is hit ( updateHistory() ).\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f3 \uc0\u9642 
\f1 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Ques 2 :
\b0  An array is given and it can be of four types :\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 (a). increasing\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 (b). decreasing\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 (c). first increasing then decreasing\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 (d). first decreasing then increasing\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Without traversing the array we need to tell its type.There was a long discussion on this question.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa200\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb3 Round 5 (F2F) : 1.5 hour
\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa200\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Interview started with the introductions of me and the interviewer.\cb1 \
\cb3 Then, he scanned my resume and started asking me about the projects I mentioned. Then he told me to select any of the projects and explain everything from scratch including my role, number of persons involved in the project and the role of each person. He also asked me the title of research paper I used to implement the project but I didn\'92t remember the title so he asked me name of any one author who was part of the research paper. I told him a name and he searched for the paper on his laptop there only.Discussion on the project was approx 45 minutes long.\cb1 \
\cb3 After discussing the project in detail, he gave me a coding question and we discussed that question also for approx 45 minutes.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Question \'96 There is a number given in the form of a string.Number can be any long.Now I have to tell just greater number of the given number which is a palindrome also.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Sol : {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/given-a-number-find-next-smallest-palindrome-larger-than-this-number/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/given-a-number-find-next-smallest-palindrome-larger-than-this-number/}}\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl660\sa100\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf2 Amazon Interview Experience | Set 322 (Off-Campus)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa200\qj\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 \cb3 Recently I attended interview at Amazon for SDE 1 profile.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa200\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Round 1 (Written):
\b0 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 3 questions were given and I was asked to write the executable code in any language.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl440\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Check whether the tree is BST. (O(n) time).\cb1 \
\ls4\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Check whether the Linked List is Palindrome. (O(1) space).\cb1 \
\ls4\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	3.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 One array (Array 1) of size m with m sorted elements and another array (Array 2) of size (m + n) with n sorted elements, you have to put all the elements from both the arrays in Array 2 in sorted order. (O(1) auxiliary space and O(m + n) time).\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa200\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb3 Round 2 (F2F):
\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl440\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Given a stack of integers of size n, you have to sort it using only push and pop operations (you are not allowed to copy the numbers in auxiliary array and sort it and then push back in array). (I gave O(n^2) approach and O(1) auxiliary space).\cb1 \
\ls5\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Stepping on stairs: A valid move is defined as either a single step or 2 steps. Starting from 1st stair you have to reach nth stair in minimum valid moves. I gave dp approach then rolled down it to Fibonacci formula which can be solved in O(log(n)) time using Matrix Exponentiation.\cb1 \
\ls5\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	3.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Stepping numbers: A stepping number is defined as a number in which the absolute difference between the consecutive digits is not greater than 1, A stepping number cannot be a single digit number. You have to find the number of stepping numbers between n1 and n2 where n2 > n1 and n2, n1 > 0. First I gave brute force approach i.e. traverse from n1 to n2 and print i if i is a stepping number. They asked me to optimize it, after a little while I came up with BFS solution, where a node in graph (directed) represents a number and nodes directly connected to it have one more digit appended at the end. Stop when number dequeued from the queue is greater than n2.\cb1 \
\ls5\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	4.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Iterative version of Tower of Hanoi. I gave stack version of TOH. Since recursion uses recursion stack. I removed recursion and used stack to imitate recursion instead. They were satisfied with the solution.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa200\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Round 3 (F2F):
\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl440\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls6\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 In any point of time print the first non-repeating number in a stream of numbers. It took me quite a while and after little brainstorming I came up with solution using DLL and map.\cb1 \
\ls6\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Delete node in a BST. I had forgotten how it was done so again I had to think hard, realized that deleted node must be replaced with its inorder successor to maintain the BST property and coded the solution.\cb1 \
\ls6\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	3.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 This was the most exciting round. They seemed happy with my approach.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa200\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb3 Round 4 (Design Round):
\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl440\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Design a Parking Lot.\cb1 \
\ls7\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Create queue using stack.\cb1 \
\ls7\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	3.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Discussion on all the OS scheduling Algorithms.\cb1 \
\ls7\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	4.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 How to implement SRTFS (preemptive SJF).\cb1 \
\ls7\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	5.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Discussion on Inter Process Communication : Shared Memory and Sockets.\cb1 \
\ls7\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	6.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Why sockets are preferred over Shared Memory.\cb1 \
\ls7\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	7.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Where shared memory is stored (in user space or kernel space) ? and why ?\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa200\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb3 Round 5(Hiring Manager Round):
\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl440\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls8\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 General Discussion.\cb1 \
\ls8\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Infix to Postfix conversion.\cb1 \
\ls8\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	3.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Return a maximum length sequence containing consecutive numbers from a binary tree. i.e.
\f4 \cb5             90\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls8\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	4.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2            /  \\\
\ls8\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	5.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2           1   66\
\ls8\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	6.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2          /      \\            \
\ls8\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	7.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2         2       67\
\ls8\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	8.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2       /   \\    /\
\ls8\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	9.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2      5     4  68\
\ls8\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	10.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2           /    \\\
\ls8\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	11.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2         99      100\uc0\u8232 
\f1 \cb3 Consecutive sequence of maximum length: [66, 67, 68] of length 3.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa200\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 I
\i\b \ul  had the hunch but was not able to code it at first, so he asked me to do it later then after some discussion, i was given 15 min to complete it and finally in those 15 min it clicked and I managed to do it.\
must completed Amazon\'92s online assessment that was given a week in advance to prepare for.
\i0\b0 \ulnone \
It consisted of two tests on:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl440\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls9\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Code debugging (20 min)\cb1 \
\ls9\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Reasoning (35 min multiple choice)\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa200\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 - The first part were 6 questions. \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl440\sa200\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls10\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f5 \uc0\u9642 
\f1 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 - Each with a provided code where it asks you fix and make changes so it can compile/run correctly. \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl440\sa200\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls11\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 - Most of these problems were errors with syntax, parameters, operators, and others along the same lines. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa200\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \ul \ulc2 Part 2:
\b0 \ulnone \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl440\sa200\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls12\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 - The second part were 24 questions on patterns, logic, and some others like concluding a given passage. \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl440\sa200\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls13\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 - Everything during the test is monitored and questions can be returned to if moved on. \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl440\sa200\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls14\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 - Before starting it gives the option of selecting a programming language from C, C++, or Java. \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl440\sa200\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls15\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 For me I chose C. If you ever coded at a university in a beginner/intermediate computer science class, then you should have no problem getting through this. I just graduated last month so everything was fresh to me still. I reviewed several old homework assignments that helped out a lot with the basic understanding of algorithms and memory allocation. A lot of people told me to study from the \'93Cracking the Code Interview\'94 by Gayle, which I vaguely looked over and found it did not help as much for this assessment, though it might for the next interview processes. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa200\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Written round Two questions
\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl440\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls16\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Find the unique character from two strings\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 http://stackoverflow.com/questions/29794233/how-to-print-unique-alphabet-from-two-strings-using-java\
\pard\tx560\pardeftab720\sl440\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl440\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls17\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Parenthesis match problem\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/check-for-balanced-parentheses-in-an-expression/\cb1 \
\pard\tx560\pardeftab720\sl440\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl440\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls18\ilvl0
\fs26 \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f5 \uc0\u9642 
\f1 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 2 Coding Questions:\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl440\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls18\ilvl1\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f5 \uc0\u9642 
\f1 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Find zeroes to be flipped so that number of consecutive 1\'92s is maximized\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 GFG Link: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/find-zeroes-to-be-flipped-so-that-number-of-consecutive-1s-is-maximized"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/find-zeroes-to-be-flipped-so-that-number-of-consecutive-1s-is-maximized}}\cb1 \
\ls18\ilvl1\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f5 \uc0\u9642 
\f1 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Find the first circular tour that visits all petrol pump (Similar to this)\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 GFG Link: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/find-a-tour-that-visits-all-stations"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/find-a-tour-that-visits-all-stations}}\cb1 \
\pard\tx560\pardeftab720\sl440\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf2 \
}