{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf820
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Garamond;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red38\green38\blue38;\red34\green88\blue157;
\red135\green135\blue135;\red20\green20\blue20;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;\cssrgb\c16863\c42745\c67843;
\cssrgb\c60000\c60000\c60000;\cssrgb\c10196\c10196\c10196;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
{\info
{\keywords cursorLocation=4059, fitsPagesWidth=1}}\margl1008\margr1008\margt1008\vieww15820\viewh16420\viewkind1\viewscale124
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The test duration about 90mis (1.5 hrs) and is hosted in Aspiring Minds. These are the instructions: \uc0\u8232 "ONLINE ASSESSMENT OVERVIEW\u8232 The assessment consists of three tests, \
1. a code debugging test (20 min), \
2. a reasoning test (35 min) \
3. a compiler based coding test (30 min). \
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl480\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\fs22 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 What can you tell us about E-Commerce?\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Write a program to convert input of the form AAABBCCC to 3A2B3C. And vice versa . Also write a test case for the above program . Prefered language is Java , C++ .\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	3.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Name 5 competitors that you believe are our competitors.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	4.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Why Amazon? / Why do you choose to work in Amazon?\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	5.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Explain your strengths in terms of this job profile.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	6.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Do have any work experience with a similar job profile?\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	7.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 If hired, what do you believe would be your role and responsibility at Amazon?\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	8.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Are you open to leadership roles?\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	9.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Who is the CEO of Amazon?\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	10.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 If hired, as a working professional for Amazon, what are the ideas that you would bring up to set Amazon apart from the other brands?\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	11.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 On a personal level, do you purchase products online or from a shop?\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	12.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Why do you shop online/ or otherwise?\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	13.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Have you purchased any product from {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://amazon.in/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Online Shopping: Shop Online for Mobiles, Books, Watches, Shoes and More}}?\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	14.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Do you prefer COD or online payment?\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	15.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Justify why you prefer COD/ online payment?\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	16.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Do you believe that COD can be done away with in the future considering the increasing facilities of using plastic money?\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	17.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 What is the highest purchased category of products purchased on Amazon?\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	18.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Given an opportunity to redesign the website, what changes would you implement in bringing about the same?\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	19.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Name one product that Amazon has featured.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	20.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 What is the price of the paperback kindle?\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	21.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 How would you design a secure system for online payment at Amazon?\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	22.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 What is Amazon EC2?\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	23.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 What is AWS Lamda?\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	24.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 What is AWS Migration service?\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	25.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 In what service does AWS work?\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	26.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 How would you introduce AWS in an elevator pitch?\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	27.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Who do you think are our most frequent buyers and clients?\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	28.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Write the code for infix to postfix conversion?\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	29.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Identify the mistakes in the following codes. (for software engineers)\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	30.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Debug the following programs.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf3 30.Briefly explain the BST algorithm.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl480\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Write a bubble sort algorithm and solve 5 7 1 4 6 10\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Find power (x,y) without the use of the pow function.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	3.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Build a binary tree using preorder and inorder.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	4.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Explain the functioning of any 3 data structures.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	5.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 What is optimal stopping theory?\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	6.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Find the longest palindromic substring from the given string.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	7.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Where do you see yourself 5 years from now?\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	8.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Name 3 factors that make you nervous.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	9.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 If you were in a foul mood on a day at work, what would you do to not let it affect your productivity?\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	10.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 If you came across your colleagues engaging in idle gossip, what would be your reaction?\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	11.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 If you suggest a certain idea to be implemented to your team, but your leader isn\'92t convinced, how would you persuade your team and your leader to execute and consider your idea?\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	12.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 What are the strategies through which you would instil work ethic in your team?\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	13.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Speaking of you as a professional, how would you handle a customer complaint?\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	14.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 What is the worst mistake that you have committed at your work place?\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	15.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 If you are witness to work place harassment, what would you do?\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	16.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 What is the function of the HR?\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	17.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 If there is a conflict that arises between your team mates, how would you handle it?\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	18.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 How will you ensure time management considering the work load?\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	19.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 If you are shifted to a different team, on a different project, will you face difficulties while adapting to a new work format and working with a new team?\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	20.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 If your colleague is depressed and demotivated, what action would you take?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.quora.com/profile/Jessica-Florey"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 \
}}
\itap1\trowd \taflags0 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth7880\clftsWidth3 \clmart10 \clmarl10 \clmarb10 \clmarr10 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadl0 \clpadr160 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \cell \lastrow\row
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf2 \strokec2 1. About the role ?\
2. Linux boot process ?\
3. what is GRUB ?\
4. what is iptables ?\
5. what is default gateway and where we can configure the same ?\
6. what are all the parmeters are there in ifcfg-eth0 file ?\
7. Difference between TCP and UDP ?\
8. How you will check the free space ?\
9. what is HDFS ?\
10.file write process in haddop?\
11.file read process in hadoop?\
12.how to run a job in hadoop ?\
13.what is loopback address ? and what is 0.0.0 in it ?\
14.what is subnet masking?\
15.Asked about some port no like port 22 / 25 / 53 / 80 / 110 /3306\
16.what is DNS ?\
17.what is DHCP how it works ?\
18.what is the diffrence between NTFS / Fat32 ?\
19.what is RODC ?
\f0\fs29\fsmilli14850 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf5 \strokec5 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs22 \cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0
\cf6 \cb7 \strokec6 1) Why should we consider AWS? How would you convince a customer to start using AWS?\
Primary advantage is going to be cost savings. As a customer support engineer your job role involves talking to current customers, prospective customers to help them determine if they really have to move to AWS from their current infrastructure. In addition to providing convincing answer in terms of cost savings it would be better if you give them real simple explanation of flexibility, elastic capacity planning that offers option of pay as you use infrastructure, easy to manage AWS console etc\
2) What is your current job profile?How would you add value to customer?\
Though AWS is looking to hire fresh talent for cloud support engineer openings, if you have some work experience in infrastructure side of business say system administrator, network administrator, database administrator, firewall administrator, security administrator, storage administrator etc you are still a candidate to be considered for interview.\
All they are looking for is infrastructure knowledge in overall, little knowledge about different tech stack , how they inter-operate, what will it be like once the infrastructure is in web rather than physical data center.\
If you don\'92t have experience with AWS don\'92t worry. Try to leverage the ways and means you did adopt to solve customer support calls both internal and external to let them know how you can bring value to the table.\
Have some overview on how different components of infrastructure interact.\
AWS wants to know your pro-active measure towards customer relationship. Say, if you are going to discuss a project or an issue with customer , it would be better if you have some preparatory work that comes handy rather than being reactive. Value addition comes in terms of recommending the best solution , utilization of services in AWS that will help them make decision easy and fast\
3) Do you know networking?\
Make sure you can be from many different backgrounds say from development, infrastructure, QA, customer support , network administration, system administration, firewall administration, system administration etc. You should know networking. Cloud is network based and to fix the application issues escalated, networking knowledge is very important\
4) What networking commands do you make use of on daily basis to fix issues?\
When we work with servers be it physical or virtual first command that comes handy to locate the request response path taken would be traceroute. In windows systems equivalent command is tracert\
There are some more important interesting commands \'96 ping, ipconfig, ifconfig that talks about network communication, network address, interface configuration etc\
DNS commands \'96 nslookup, Lookup of /etc/resolv.conf file in Linux systems to get details on DNS\
5) What is the advantage of using TCP protocol?\
TCP is used to exchange data reliably . IT used mechanisms of sequence and acknowledgment, error detection, error recovery. This comes with advantage of reliable application but comes with cost of hit in transmission time\
6) What is UDP?\
User datagram protocol called UDP is a connectionless protocol that can be used for fast efficient applications that need less time compared to TCP\
7) Do you know how an internet works in your environment?\
This can be your home or office. Learn more on modem and its utilization in connection establishment\
8) What is a process? How do you manage processes in Linux:-\
In Linux/Unix based OS process is started or created when a command is issued. In simple terms while a program is running in an OS an instance of the program is created. This is the process. To manage the processes in Linux process maangement commands come handy\
ps \'96 this is the commonly used process management command to start with. ps command provides details on currently running active processes\
top \'96 This command provides details on all running processes. ps command lists active processes whereas top lists all the processes (i.e) activity of processor in real-time. This includes details on processor and memory being used\
kill \'96 To kill a process using the process id kill command is used. ps command provides details on process id. To kill a process issue kill pid\
killall proc \'96 This command is same as kill command. To kill all the processes by name proc we can use this\
9) Give details on foreground and background jobs command in Linux:-\
fg \'96 this command brings most recent job to foreground. Typing the commadn fg will resume most recently suspended job\
fg n \'96 This command brings job n to the foreground. If a job is recently backgrounded by typing fg 1 this can be brought foreground\
bg \'96 This command is used to resume a suspended program without bringing it to foreground. This command also provides details on list of stopped jobs as well as current background jobs\
10) How to get details on current date and time in Linux?\
Make use of the command date that shows details on current date and time. To get current month\'92s calendar use cal command\
uptime \'96 shows current uptime\
11) What is difference between command df and du?\
In linux both df and du are space related commands showing system space information\
df \'96 this command provides details on disk usage\
du \'96 To get details on directory space usage use this command\
free \'96 this command shows details on memory and swap usage\
12) What are the different commands and options to compress files in Linux?\
Lets start with creating a tar and name it test.tar containing the needed files\
tar cf test.tar files\
Once the tar is available, uploaded on AWS there is a need to untar the files. Use the command as follows:\
tar xf file.tar\
We can create a tar with gzip compression that will minimize the size of files to be transferred and creates test.tar.gz at the end\
tar czf test.tar.gz files\
To extract the gzipped tar compressed files use the command:\
tar xzf test.tar.gz\
Bzip2 compression can be used to create a tar as follows\
tar cjf test.tar.bz2\
To extract bzip2 compressed files use\
tar xjf test.tar.bz2\
To simply make use of gzip compression use\
gzip testfile \'96 This creates testfile.gz\
To decompress testfile.gz use gzip -d testfile.gz\
13) Give examples on some common networking commands you have made use of?\
Note that AWS stack is primarily dependent on linux and over the cloud architecture makes it heavily network dependent. As a result AWS interview could be related to networking irrespective of your system admin, database admin, bigdata admin background. Learn these simple networking commands:\
When a system is unreachable first step is to ping the host and make sure it is up and running\
ping host \'96 This pings the host and output results\
Domain related commands as AWS has become preferred hosting for major itnernet based companies, SaaS firms\
To get DNS information of the domain use \'96 dig domain\
To get whois information on domain use \'96 whois domain\
Host reverse lookup \'96 dig -x host\
Download file \'96 wget file\
To continue stopped download \'96 wget -c file\
14) What is your understanding of SSH?\
SSH the secure shell is widely used for safe communication. This is a cryptographic network protocol used for operating network services securely over an unsecured network. Some of the commonly used ssh commands include\
To connect to a host as a specified user using ssh use this command:\
ssh username@hostname\
To connect to a host on a specified port make use of this command\
ssh -p portnumber username@hostname\
To enable a keyed or passwordless login into specified host using ssh use\
ssh-copy-id username@hostname\
15) How do you perform search in Linux environment?\
Searching and pattern matching are some common functions that typically happens in Linux environment. Here are the Linux commands:\
grep \'96 Grep command is the first and foremost when it comes to searching for files with pattern. Here is the usage:\
grep pattern_match test_file \'96 This will search for pattern_match in test_file\
Search for pattern in directory that has set of files using recursive option as follows \'96 grep -r pattern dir \'96 Searches for pattern in directory recursively\
Pattern can be searched in concatenation with another command (i.e) output of a command can be used as input for pattern search and amtch \'96 firstcommand| grep pattern\
To find all instances of a file use locate command \'96 locate file\
16) Give details on some user related commands in Linux:-\
Here are some user related Linux commands:\
w \'96 displays details on who is online\
whoami \'96 to know whom you are logged in as\
finger user \'96 displays information about the user\
17) How to get details on kernel information in Linux?\
uname -a command provides details on kernel information\
18) How to get CPU nd memory info in Linux machine?\
Issue the following commands:\
cat /proc/cpuinfo for cpu information\
cat /proc/meminfo for memory information\
19) What are the file system heirarchy related commands in linux?\
File system hierarchi starting with raw disks, the way disks are formatted into files, files are grouped together as directory all are important for cracking AWS interview. Here are some file system hierarchy related commands that come handy\
touch filename \'96 creates a file with name filename. This command can also be used to update a file\
ls- lists the directories\
ls -al \'96 All files including hidden files are listed with proper formatting\
cd dir \'96 change to specified directory\
cd \'96 Changes to home directory\
pwd \'96 called present working directory that shows details on current directory\
Make a new directory using mkdir command as follows \'96 mkdir directory_name\
REmove file using rm commadn \'96 rm file \'96 removes file\
To delete directory use -r option \'96 rm -r directory_name\
Remove a file forcefully using -f option \'96 rm -f filename\
To force remove directory use \'96 rm -rd directory_name\
Copy the contents from one file to another \'96 copy file1 file2\
Copy the contents across directory use \'96 cp -r dir1 new_dir \'96 If new directory does not exist create this first before issuing copy command\
Move or rename a file using mv command \'96 mv file1 new_File\
If new_Dir is a file that already exists new_File will be directory into which file1 will be moved into\
more filename \'96 output the contents of the file\
head file \'96 output the first 10 lines of the file\
tail file \'96 output the last 10 lines of the file\
tail -f filename \'96 output the contents of the file as it grows, to start with display last 10 lines\
Create symbolic link to a file using ln command \'96 ln -s file link \'96 called soft link\
20) What commadn is used for displaying manual of a comamnd?\
Make use of the command man command_name\
21) Give details on app related comamnds in linux:-\
which app \'96 shows details on which app will be run by default\
whereis app \'96 shows possible locations of application\
22) What are the default port numbers of http and https?\
Questions on http and https port number is first step in launching webapp while customer reports an issue\
Default port number of http is 80 (or) 8080\
Default port number of https is 443\
23) What is use of load balancer?\
Load balancer is used to increase the capacity and reliability of applications. What capacity means is number of users connecting to applications. Load balancer distributes the traffic network and application traffic across many different servers increasing application capacity\
24) What is sysprep tool?\
System preparation tool comes as free tool with windows that can be accessed from %systemroot%\\system32\\sysprep folder. IT is used to duplicate, test and deliver new installation of windows based on established installation\
25) User is nto able to RDP into server. What could be the reason?\
Probable reason is that user is not part of remote desktop users local group of the terminal servers\
26) How would you approach a customer issue?\
Most work of AWS support engineer involves dealing with customer issue.As with any other support engineer AWS engineer should follow approach of question customer, listen to them, confirm what you have collected. This is called QLC approach much needed step to cover details on issue description\
and confirm it\
27) What types of questions can you ask customer?\
A support engineer can ask two types of questions\
1) Open ended questions \'96 In this case your question will be single statement, answer you expect from customer is detailed\
2) Closed questions \'96 In this case your question will have answers yea (or) No, true (or) false type answers, single word answer in some cases\
28) How do you consider customer from AWS technology perspective?\
Even though the customer can be long standing customer of AWS, always think of customer as common man with no knowledge of AWS to talk more to them, explain more details to them to get correct issue description statement\
29) Give details on operators in linux?\
> \'96 greater than symbol is input re-direction operator used to write content as input into file. Typically this is used to redirect the output of command into logfile. IF file already exists the contents are overwritten and only last recent content is retained\
>> \'96 this is same as input redirection except that this is appending content of a file if the file already exists\
30) Explain difference between hardlink and softline in simple terms?\
Hardlink is link to inode that talks about file contents, softlink is link to filename. If filename changes the changes are not reflected. For both hard and soft link ln command is used. In case of hardlink it will be simply ln, for soft link ln -s option is used
\f2\fs30 \cf3 \cb1 \strokec3 \

\itap1\trowd \taflags0 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadl0 \clpadr0 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\cell
\pard\intbl\itap1\cell
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl480\sa300\partightenfactor0

\f3 \cf3 \lastrow\row
}