{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf820
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red20\green20\blue20;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c10196\c10196\c10196;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
{\info
{\keywords cursorLocation=3583, fitsPagesWidth=1}}\margl1008\margr1008\margt1008\vieww15820\viewh16420\viewkind1\viewscale124
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 1
\b\fs20 ) Why should we consider AWS? How would you convince a customer to start using AWS?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b0 \cb3 Primary advantage is going to be 
\b cost savings.
\b0  As a customer support engineer your job role involves talking to current customers, prospective customers to help them determine if they really have to move to AWS from their current infrastructure. In addition to providing convincing answer in terms of cost savings it would be better if you give them real simple explanation of 
\b flexibility, elastic capacity planning
\b0  that offers option of pay as you use infrastructure, easy to manage AWS console etc\
\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb3 2) What is your current job profile?How would you add value to customer?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b0 \cb3 Though AWS is looking to hire fresh talent for cloud support engineer openings, if you have some work experience in infrastructure side of business say 
\i\b system administrator, network administrator, database administrator, firewall administrator, security administrator, storage administrator 
\i0\b0 etc you are still a candidate to be considered for interview.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
All they are looking for is infrastructure knowledge in overall, little knowledge about different tech stack , how they inter-operate, what will it be like once the infrastructure is in web rather than physical data center.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 If you don\'92t have experience with AWS don\'92t worry. Try to leverage the ways and means you did adopt to solve customer support calls both internal and external to let them know how you can bring value to the table.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Have some overview on how different components of infrastructure interact.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 AWS wants to know your pro-active measure towards customer relationship. Say, if you are going to discuss a project or an issue with customer , it would be better if you have some preparatory work that comes handy rather than being reactive. Value addition comes in terms of recommending the best solution , utilization of services in AWS that will help them make decision easy and fast\
\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb3 3) Do you know networking?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b0 \cb3 Make sure you can be from many different backgrounds say from 
\i\b development, infrastructure
\i0\b0 , QA, customer support , network administration, system administration, firewall administration, system administration etc. You should know networking. Cloud is network based and to fix the application issues escalated, networking knowledge is very important\
\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb3 4) What networking commands do you make use of on daily basis to fix issues?
\b0 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 When we work with servers be it physical or virtual first command that comes handy to locate the request response path taken would be 
\b traceroute.
\b0  In
\i\b  windows system
\i0\b0 s equivalent command is 
\b tracert\
\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b0 \cb3 There are some more important interesting commands \'96 
\b ping, ipconfig, ifconfig
\b0  that talks about network communication, network address, interface configuration etc\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 DNS commands \'96 
\b nslookup,
\b0  Lookup of /etc/
\b resolv.conf 
\b0 file in Linux systems to get details on DNS\
\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb3 5) What is the advantage of using TCP protocol?
\b0 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 TCP is used to 
\b exchange data reliably
\b0  . IT used mechanisms of sequence and acknowledgment, error detection, error recovery. This comes with advantage of reliable application but comes with cost of hit in transmission time\
\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb3 6) What is UDP?
\b0 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb3 User datagram protocol
\b0  called UDP is a c
\i\b onnectionless protoco
\i0\b0 l that can be used for \ul fast efficient applications that need less time compared to TCP\ulnone \
\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb3 7) Do you know how an internet works in your environment?
\b0 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 This can be your home or office. Learn more on modem and its utilization in connection establishment\
\cb1 \
\uc0\u8232 
\b \cb3 8) What is a process? How do you manage processes in Linux:-
\b0 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 In Linux/Unix based OS process is started or created when a command is issued. \
In simple terms while 
\i \ul a program is running
\i0 \ulnone  in an OS an instance of the program is created. This is the process. To manage the processes in Linux process maangement commands come handy\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb3 ps \'96 t
\b0 his is the commonly used process management command to start with. ps command provides details on currently running active processes\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb3 top 
\b0 \'96 This command provides details on all running processes. ps command lists active processes whereas top lists all the processes (i.e) activity of processor in real-time. This includes details on processor and memory being used\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb3 kill \'96
\b0  To kill a process using the process id kill command is used. ps command provides details on process id. To kill a process issue\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 kill pid\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb3 killall proc
\b0  \'96 This command is same as kill command. To kill all the processes by name proc we can use this\
\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb3 9) Give details on foreground and background jobs command in Linux:-
\b0 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb3 fg \'96 thi
\b0 s command brings most recent job to foreground. Typing the commadn fg will resume most recently suspended job\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb3 fg n \'96
\b0  This command brings job n to the foreground. If a job is recently backgrounded by typing fg 1 this can be brought foreground\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb3 bg 
\b0 \'96 This command is used to resume a suspended program without bringing it to foreground. This command also provides details on list of stopped jobs as well as current background jobs\
\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb3 10) How to get details on current date and time in Linux?
\b0 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Make use of the command date that shows details on current date and time. To get current month\'92s calendar use cal command\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb3 uptime
\b0  \'96 shows current uptime\
\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb3 11) What is difference between command df and du?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b0 \cb3 In linux both df and du are space related commands showing system space information\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 df \'96 this command provides details on disk usage\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 du \'96 To get details on directory space usage use this command\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 free \'96 this command shows details on memory and swap usage\
\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb3 12) What are the different commands and options to compress files in Linux?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b0 \cb3 Lets start with creating a tar and name it test.tar containing the needed files\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 tar cf test.tar files\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Once the tar is available, uploaded on AWS there is a need to untar the files. Use the command as follows:\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb3 tar xf file.tar\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b0 \cb3 We can create a tar with gzip compression that will minimize the size of files to be transferred and creates test.tar.gz at the end\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb3 tar czf test.tar.gz files\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b0 \cb3 To extract the gzipped tar compressed files use the command:\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 t
\b ar xzf test.tar.gz
\b0 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Bzip2 compression can be used to create a tar as follows\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb3 tar cjf test.tar.bz2
\b0 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 To extract bzip2 compressed files use\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb3 tar xjf test.tar.bz2\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b0 \cb3 To simply make use of gzip compression use\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb3 gzip testfile \'96 This creates testfile.gz
\b0 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 To decompress
\b  testfile.gz use gzip -d testfile.gz\
\
\
\

\b0 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb3 13) Give examples on some common networking commands you have made use of?
\b0 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Note that AWS stack is primarily dependent on linux and over the cloud architecture makes it heavily network dependent. As a result AWS interview could be related to networking irrespective of your system admin, database admin, bigdata admin background. Learn these simple networking commands:\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 When a system is unreachable first step is to ping the host and make sure it is up and running\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb3 ping host 
\b0 \'96 This pings the host and output results\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Domain related commands as AWS has become preferred hosting for major itnernet based companies, SaaS firms\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 To get DNS information of the domain use \'96 
\b dig domain\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b0 \cb3 To get whois information on domain use \'96 
\b whois domain\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b0 \cb3 Host reverse lookup \'96 
\b dig -x host
\b0 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Download file \'96
\b  wget file
\b0 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 To continue stopped download \'96 
\b wget -c file\
\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 14) What is your understanding of SSH?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b0 \cb3 SSH the secure shell is widely used for safe communication. This is a cryptographic network protocol used for operating network services securely over an unsecured network. Some of the commonly used ssh commands include\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 To connect to a host as a specified user using ssh use this command:\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb3 ssh username@hostname
\b0 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 To connect to a host on a specified port make use of this command\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb3 ssh -p portnumber username@hostname
\b0 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 To enable a keyed or passwordless login into specified host using ssh use\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb3 ssh-copy-id username@hostname\

\b0 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 1
\b 5) How do you perform search in Linux environment?
\b0 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Searching and pattern matching are some common functions that typically happens in Linux environment. Here are the Linux commands:\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb3 grep 
\b0 \'96 Grep command is the first and foremost when it comes to searching for files with pattern. Here is the usage:\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb3 grep pattern_match test_file
\b0  
\b \'96 This will search for pattern_match in test_file
\b0 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Search for pattern in directory that has set of files using recursive option as follows
\b  \'96 grep -r pattern dir \'96 
\b0 Searches for pattern in directory recursively
\b \cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b0 \cb3 Pattern can be searched in concatenation with another command (i.e) output of a command can be used as input for pattern search and match \'96 
\b firstcommand| grep pattern\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b0 \cb3 To find all instances of a file use locate command \'96 
\b locate file\
\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 16) Give details on some user related commands in Linux:-
\b0 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Here are some user related Linux commands:\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb3 w \'96
\b0  displays details on who is online\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb3 whoami \'96 
\b0 to know whom you are logged in as\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb3 finger user 
\b0 \'96 displays information about the user\
\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb3 17) How to get details on kernel information in Linux?
\b0 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb3 uname -
\b0 a command provides details on kernel information\
\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb3 18) How to get CPU nd memory info in Linux machine?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b0 \cb3 Issue the following commands:\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb3 cat /proc/cpuinfo
\b0  for cpu information\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb3 cat /proc/meminfo
\b0  for memory information\
\
\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb3 19) What are the file system heirarchy related commands in linux?
\b0 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 File system hierarchi starting with raw disks, the way disks are formatted into files, files are grouped together as directory all are important for cracking AWS interview. \

\b Here are some file system hierarchy related commands that come handy\

\b0 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb3 touch filename
\b0  \'96 creates a file with name filename. This command can also be used to update a file\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb3 ls-
\b0  lists the directories\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb3 ls -al \'96 
\b0 All files including hidden files are listed with proper formatting\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb3 cd dir
\b0  \'96 change to specified directory\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb3 cd \'96 
\b0 Changes to home directory\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb3 pwd \'96
\b0  called present working directory that shows details on current directory\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Make a new directory using mkdir command as follows \'96 
\b mkdir directory_name\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b0 \cb3 REmove file using rm command \'96
\b  rm file \'96 removes file\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b0 \cb3 To delete directory use -r option \'96
\b  rm -r directory_name
\b0 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Remove a file forcefully using -f option 
\b \'96 rm -f filename\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b0 \cb3 To force remove directory use 
\b \'96 rm -rd directory_name
\b0 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Copy the contents from one file to another \'96
\b  copy file1 file2
\b0 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Copy the contents across directory use \'96
\b  cp -r dir1 new_dir
\b0  \'96 If new directory does not exist create this first before issuing copy command\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Move or rename a file using mv command \'96 
\b mv file1 new_File
\b0 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 If new_Dir is a file that already exists 
\b new_Fil
\b0 e will be directory into which file1 will be moved into\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb3 more filename 
\b0 \'96 output the contents of the file\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb3 head file
\b0  \'96 output the first 10 lines of the file\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 t
\b ail file
\b0  \'96 output the last 10 lines of the file\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb3 tail -f filename
\b0  \'96 output the contents of the file as it grows, to start with display last 10 lines\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Create symbolic link to a file using ln command \'96 
\b ln -s file link
\b0  \'96 
\b called soft link\

\b0 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb3 20) What commadn is used for displaying manual of a comamnd?
\b0 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Make use of the command man c
\b ommand_name\

\b0 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb3 21) Give details on app related comamnds in linux:-
\b0 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb3 which app
\b0  \'96 shows details on which app will be run by default\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb3 whereis app \'96 
\b0 shows possible locations of application\
\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb3 22) What are the default port numbers of http and https?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b0 \cb3 Questions on http and https port number is first step in launching webapp while customer reports an issue\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Default port number of 
\b http is 80 (or) 8080
\b0 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Default port number of 
\b https is 443\
\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 23) What is use of load balancer?
\b0 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Load balancer is used to increase the capacity and reliability of applications. What capacity means is number of users connecting to applications. Load balancer distributes the traffic network and application traffic across many different servers increasing application capacity\
\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb3 24) What is sysprep tool?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b0 \cb3 System preparation tool comes as free tool with windows that can be accessed from                                     
\b %systemroot%\\system32\\sysprep
\b0  folder. IT is used to duplicate, test and deliver new installation of windows based on established installation\
\cb1 \
\uc0\u8232 \cb3 2
\b 5) User is nto able to RDP into server. What could be the reason
\b0 ?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Probable reason is that user is not part of remote desktop users local group of the terminal servers\
\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb3 26) How would you approach a customer issue?
\b0 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Most work of AWS support engineer involves dealing with customer issue.As with any other support engineer AWS engineer should follow approach of question customer, listen to them, confirm what you have collected. This is called QLC approach much needed step to cover details on issue description\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 and confirm it\
\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb3 27) What types of questions can you ask customer?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b0 \cb3 A support engineer can ask 
\b two types of questions\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b0 \cb3 1
\b ) Open ended questions
\b0  \'96 In this case your question will be single statement, answer you expect from customer is detailed\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 2
\b ) Closed questions
\b0  \'96 In this case your question will have answers yea (or) No, true (or) false type answers, single word answer in some cases\
\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb3 28) How do you consider customer from AWS technology perspective?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b0 \cb3 Even though the customer can be long standing customer of AWS, always think of customer as common man with no knowledge of AWS to talk more to them, explain more details to them to get correct issue description statement\
\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb3 29) Give details on operators in linux?
\b0 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb3 > \'96 
\b0 greater than symbol is input re-direction operator used to write content as input into file. Typically this is used to redirect the output of command into logfile. IF file already exists the contents are overwritten and only last recent content is retained\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb3 >> 
\b0 \'96 this is same as input redirection except that this is appending content of a file if the file already exists\
\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb3 30) Explain difference between hardlink and softline in simple terms?
\b0 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Hardlink is link to inode that talks about file contents, softlink is link to filename. If filename changes the changes are not reflected. For both hard and soft link ln command is used. In case of hardlink it will be simply ln, for soft link ln -s option is used\
}